well this is new I guess worse hi so
this week I actually made a beat out of
a golf cart I call first car to be
excited not not one goes you guys drive
around like a real car or for the length
up of actual postcard something like
this this is a quick beer cart the exact
as you can see a year not sponsored and
today I want to show you what the
process of these three days actually
actually dated for this car obviously
and and this video could be just took me
three consecutive days to edit I know in
these three days I haven't be able to go
outside to deuce before so you distract
I'll going to give you kinda like a
behind scenes kind of like what Edgar
Wong does or actually first record stuff
and like he shows you are so cool he
record stuff before doing whole entire
track and yeah enjoy I guess you just
like the main part of promise here this
is kind of good bass as you can see
basically bases down which is pretty
cool this is this can also be a snare
room shot and then that's basically if
it is so thick you just do this you see
what happens when I asked to record
inside here would face like stuff so
basically all we need is a kick snare
I'd give this is the hi-hat like right
here and I think that's it yeah or this
can be the back of a theater right here
this can also be a letter snare
that lets you see let's just see we can
actually make or here we go this thing
might work on off in order to like
actually used to break I got used as
well so on other computers there it's
now their break the guys at the actual
break I guess we can record stuff that
can be do like the packing up of this
cart I guess this hour or just for going
to session now let's just record someone
left the outers we're going to need to a
ending pretty cool from here probably
displayed some fine show our lows
tonight that's dusty as hell probably
but let's take a look at the time of
like actually recording it alright I
guess it's officially packing up
everything right now
so I guess yeah that's the tour
that's my part and I'll pack up yes I
just do that so I gather everything I'm
recording down like guess that was a
pretty good simple recording I guess our
all could be I'm probably going to send
some of the files here and the camera
recording right now into the into live
Pro X see where can you actually make
write experimenting all right this is
what I have so far not that come
together pretty nicely it's just what
the help is it it is okay that's that's
to be right there and meet that so this
is what I have so far I'm not really too
sure actually works an ID that was just
basically just me just don't like
hitting on the will scores are horror
and and actually like flipping that like
actually like talking today and let it
go that that's there and then also the
shaker was actually me just sifting the
thingamajig every what was it called I'm
sorry I'm also about to write a baseline
which is and I'm gonna work on this
place I'm really quick so I'll do record
earlier so yeah
all right say - um I just finish up the
arrangement now now look like this
here's the main part I wish I already
showed you the this snares light stuff
the kicks yes that the shaker yes I
haven't talked about the clock yet the
clap I put her myself
I wasn't too sure where it came from but
I dig out fine I couldn't find it I
think I swear I was actually trying to
like I don't remember
the sound thing I was making was this
with the front wheel right here as you
can see
so that's like the front wheel and then
look if I'm correct we that's a clap and
then this one is where I actually use
the brakes a little bit I just like
pinch it up and then down like that I'm
just like I just I just feel like I I
braked it and did I release it like that
this one this one I actually collapse
the whole entire part does this sound
and yeah it is that I don't know if I
can actually pull out this into one
thing like an actual video and actually
show each sound I don't know let's see
yeah I'm going to show you the whole
entire track right now
[Music]
[Applause]
so I will track what we like this
because I hope it wasn't too bad for you
because $1 way and that was too simple
to be exact
yeah so there are some sounds that I
didn't use while they're raising the
track so I'm going to put all the sounds
on a recorder for the car into a folder
that you can use and downtown and
arrange your own track that's fine
because YouTube and the Internet so this
is Andrew Wong inspired video I hope
when njarraud seizes he doesn't sue me
because this idea came out know where
they are
thanks for watching
I'll see you guys later bye